Update OpenSearch k-NN Faiss Documentation (#5226)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/knn/knn-index.md

`nprobes` | false | 1 | false | Number of buckets to search during query. Higher values lead to more accurate but slower searches.
`encoder` | false | flat | false | Encoder definition for encoding vectors. Encoders can reduce the memory footprint of your index, at the expense of search accuracy.

> For more information about setting these parameters, refer to [*faiss*'s documentation](https://github.com/facebookresearch/faiss/wiki/Faiss-indexes).

Reviewer: Can this be "the Faiss documentation" (shouldn't "Faiss" be capitalized)?

> For more information about setting these parameters, refer to [*faiss*'s documentation](https://github.com/facebookresearch/faiss/wiki/Faiss-indexes).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about setting these parameters, refer to the [Faiss documentation](https://github.com/facebookresearch/faiss/wiki/Faiss-indexes).
```

You can use encoders to reduce the memory footprint of a k-NN index at the expense of search accuracy. faiss has
several encoder types, but the plugin currently only supports *flat* and *pq* encoding.

> An example method definition that specifies an encoder (method `hnsw` using `pq` encoder) may look something like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example method definition specifies the `hnsw` method and a `pq` encoder:
```

```json
"method": {
  "name":"hnsw",
  "engine":"faiss",

>   "space_type": "l2",

Reviewer 3: Can we remove code_size parameter. Due to some reasons, it has to be 8: https://github.com/opensearch-project/k-NN/blame/main/src/main/java/org/opensearch/knn/index/util/Faiss.java#L102. I think it is worth mentioning.

Author: I have highlighted that statement by including it in note. I think it is better to include that parameter in example or else users might be confused looking at the note.

  }
}
```
**Note** - Method `hnsw` supports `pq` encoder only from OpenSearch 2.10

Encoder name | Requires training | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
`flat` | false | Encode vectors as floating point arrays. This encoding does not reduce memory footprint.
`pq` | true | Short for product quantization, it is a lossy compression technique that encodes a vector into a fixed size of bytes using clustering, with the goal of minimizing the drop in k-NN search accuracy. From a high level, vectors are broken up into `m` subvectors, and then each subvector is represented by a `code_size` code obtained from a code book produced during training. For more details on product quantization, here is a [great blog post](https://medium.com/dotstar/understanding-faiss-part-2-79d90b1e5388)!

> These are few other example method definitions of faiss methods using encoders:

Reviewer 3: "These are a few other examples of method definitions using encoders"

Reviewer 3: Do we need to specify flat encoders? Or can we omit them?

* method `ivf` using `flat` encoder
```json
"method": {
  "name":"ivf",
  "engine":"faiss",
  "space_type": "l2",
  "parameters":{
    "nlist": 4,
    "nprobes": 2
  }
}
```

* method `ivf` using `pq` encoder
```json
"method": {
  "name":"ivf",
  "engine":"faiss",
  "space_type": "l2",
  "parameters":{
    "encoder":{
      "name":"pq",
      "parameters":{
        "code_size": 8,
        "m": 8
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> * method `hnsw` using `flat` encoder

Reviewer 3: No need to include flat encoders I would say

Author: I have renamed it. Pls let me know if it requires any modifications.

  }
}
```

> **Note** - Method `hnsw` supports `pq` encoder only from OpenSearch 2.10. Also, the `code_size` parameter of a `pq` encoder with method `hnsw` must be **8**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `hnsw` method supports the `pq` encoder for OpenSearch versions 2.10 and later. The `code_size` parameter of a `pq` encoder with the `hnsw` method must be **8**.
{: .note}
```

Encoder name | Requires training | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
`flat` | false | Encode vectors as floating point arrays. This encoding does not reduce memory footprint.
`pq` | true | Short for product quantization, it is a lossy compression technique that encodes a vector into a fixed size of bytes using clustering, with the goal of minimizing the drop in k-NN search accuracy. From a high level, vectors are broken up into `m` subvectors, and then each subvector is represented by a `code_size` code obtained from a code book produced during training. For more details on product quantization, here is a [great blog post](https://medium.com/dotstar/understanding-faiss-part-2-79d90b1e5388)!

> These are few other example method definitions of faiss methods using encoders:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following examples illustrate specifying various method definitions of `faiss` methods using encoders.
```

> * method `ivf` without specifying encoder (by default uses `flat` encoder)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `ivf` method  without specifying an encoder (by default, OpenSearch uses the `flat` encoder):
```

```json
"method": {
  "name":"ivf",
  "engine":"faiss",
  "space_type": "l2",
  "parameters":{
    "nlist": 4,
    "nprobes": 2
  }
}
```

> * method `ivf` using `pq` encoder

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `ivf` method using the `pq` encoder:
```

```json
"method": {
  "name":"ivf",
  "engine":"faiss",
  "space_type": "l2",
  "parameters":{
    "encoder":{
      "name":"pq",
      "parameters":{
        "code_size": 8,
        "m": 8
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> * method `hnsw` without specifying encoder (by default uses `flat` encoder)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `hnsw` method without specifying an encoder (by default, OpenSearch uses the `flat` encoder):
```

}
```

The `hnsw` method supports the `pq` encoder for OpenSearch versions 2.10 and later. The `code_size` parameter of a `pq` encoder with the `hnsw` method must be **8**.
{: .important}

Encoder name | Requires training | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
`flat` | false | Encode vectors as floating point arrays. This encoding does not reduce memory footprint.

> `pq` | true | Short for product quantization, it is a lossy compression technique that encodes a vector into a fixed size of bytes using clustering, with the goal of minimizing the drop in k-NN search accuracy. From a high level, vectors are broken up into `m` subvectors, and then each subvector is represented by a `code_size` code obtained from a code book produced during training. For more details on product quantization, here is a [great blog post](https://medium.com/dotstar/understanding-faiss-part-2-79d90b1e5388).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pq` | true | An abbreviation for _product quantization_, it is a lossy compression technique that uses clustering to encode a vector into a fixed size of bytes, with the goal of minimizing the drop in k-NN search accuracy. At a high level, vectors are broken up into `m` subvectors, and then each subvector is represented by a `code_size` code obtained from a code book produced during training. For more information about product quantization, see [this blog post](https://medium.com/dotstar/understanding-faiss-part-2-79d90b1e5388).
```

#### Examples

> The following examples illustrate specifying various method definitions of `faiss` methods using encoders.

Reviewer: "illustrate using encoders to specify various method definitions of `faiss` methods"? Also, maybe a nit, but we might want to switch up the phrasing of one of these sentences in order to avoid the redundancy in style.

Reviewer 2: Removed the intro sentence.

> The following examples illustrate specifying various method definitions of `faiss` methods using encoders.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

The following example uses the `ivf` method  without specifying an encoder (by default, OpenSearch uses the `flat` encoder):

```json
"method": {
  "name":"ivf",
  "engine":"faiss",
  "space_type": "l2",
  "parameters":{
    "nlist": 4,
    "nprobes": 2
  }
}
```

> The following example uses the `ivf` method using the `pq` encoder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses the `ivf` method with a `pq` encoder:
```

```json
"method": {
  "name":"ivf",
  "engine":"faiss",
  "space_type": "l2",
  "parameters":{
    "encoder":{
      "name":"pq",
      "parameters":{
        "code_size": 8,
        "m": 8
      }
    }
  }
}
```

The following example uses the `hnsw` method without specifying an encoder (by default, OpenSearch uses the `flat` encoder):

```json
"method": {
  "name":"hnsw",
  "engine":"faiss",
  "space_type": "l2",
  "parameters":{
    "ef_construction": 256,
    "m": 8
  }
}
```

> #### PQ Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### PQ parameters
```
